Now that we have our user list up and running and we can see which uses our current user is following
to add the functionality to actually send a tweet.
Now we could do this on a separate activity but it's a pretty simple function.
So I'm just going to do it by an alert dialog.
So we're going to need a new menu and we're going to have an option in that menu to send a tweet.
And with that we're out a log out function as well.
So let's add in a new menu.
You'll have to add the menu directory into the resources folder.
If you don't have one already and then file new menu resos file and we'll call this the tweak menu.
There we go.
And then we'll add the two options.
So I have an item with an ID of a tweet and a title of
and then underneath will have an item with an ID of logout and a title of logo that we get.
And then back to our main activity and we'll add the necessary menu items.
We'll start with all create options menu.
And this is why we created how many you inflata
choose a new menu inflator and then we take you in place of way inflate and the menu layout that we
want to use is our menu tweak menu and we want to use the menu that's just been inflated.
I the main menu when I forgot to add a context of this for the main activity or main to activity.
And then on options items selected
and we'll just use a quick if statement to see if item get item ID is equal to a id dot tweet
then we need to do our tweet code which I'll write anybody else if I don't get to my day is equal to
out or ID dot log out
then we'll create a new intent
which will be a new intent in the application context jumping to the main activity doc class.
And then we'll start the activity to run the intent.
And of course don't forget to actually log out.
So for the tweet as I mentioned we're going to use an alert dialog.
So if you're a member it's been a while since we've used these but we use lot dialog builder.
Or call it build up.
And this is going to be a new alert dialog.
Builder using this as the context then we use builder and set the title that we send a tweet
and then we're going to create an edit text that we can put into our dialogue.
So this is going to be where the user will type the content of their tweet.
So I'll call it tweet
content edit text.
It's going to be I knew edit text with context of this
and then we'll set the view of the builder to be the edit text.
There we go.
So the contents of the alert dialog will now be just that edit text.
But of course we'll also need our OK and Cancel buttons.
So will set the positive button which will be sent and we need a new dialog interface on listener.
And for now I'll just log the contents of the tweet to make sure we're getting those right to that tweet
content edit text don't get text.
Not to string.
And then we'll add the negative button set negative button.
And this is going to have the text Kenzo
And again we'll have an don't click listener which would just cancel the dialog so dialogue interface
dot cancel.
And then finally we'll show
our dialogue.
All right.
So let's have a quick look.
Obviously if this is a working the final thing that we need to do is actually send this via our pass
server rather than just display it in the logs.
And here we go.
So we're following two and Ralphy as before.
And now we're going to click in the menu and tweaked and then we've got our dialog.
Send a tweet
say hi there and then send and you can say it did indeed.
Get displayed in the logs.
And just to check if we can so that just closes it down and doesn't do anything great.
So now what we need to do is send that via pass.
So it's just going to be a past object.
Call it a tweet.
And this is going to be a new parse subject with a class of tweet so pretty straightforward this class
we're just going to need the user name and the tweet content.
So tweet dot put and then use a name that's going to be the current user.
So parse user get current user get username
and similarly
the tweet itself will be tweaked content edit text get text dot to strain
and then we take our tweet and we save in the background with a new save callback
and then we'll just do a quick check to make sure it's no
and if that's the case we'll toast
tweet sent successfully
and very quickly if it's not
we'll send a text saying tweet failed.
Please try again later.
All right.
And that should do it.
So let's give it a try.
And here we go.
So let's send a tweet again in the original.
Hi there.
And it looks like it's been sent successfully.
Superbe let's just go over and refresh our past dashboard again we'll need a full screen full page refresh
here and there we go.
There's out tweets and you can see we've got there and we've got the user name of Rob superb.
So that's as far as we wanted to get with this video.
We now have the ability to follow unfollow people and send a tweet of course sending a tweet is not
much good unless anyone else can actually read it.
So our final video is going to be putting this together and allowing users to see a list of all the
tweets that the people that they're following have said will do that in the next video.